content/about/index.md, before:

+++
title = "About me"
+++

Bacon ipsum dolor amet corned beef tongue salami t-bone strip steak. Swine t-bone strip steak ground round porchetta ham hock tri-tip doner burgdoggen pancetta beef ribs flank meatball shoulder. Ribeye pastrami salami picanha, ground round filet mignon turkey turducken. Rump chislic meatloaf, doner sirloin boudin sausage ham short ribs pork belly jerky kielbasa. Sirloin buffalo pastrami ham hock, t-bone jerky pork loin salami drumstick. Flank sausage kevin burgdoggen rump ball tip pastrami landjaeger ribeye salami. Beef tenderloin drumstick pork loin biltong hamburger.

Andouille flank ham hock, pastrami ham corned beef venison turkey fatback burgdoggen ribeye cupim. Tenderloin cow porchetta sausage salami strip steak pork chop short loin andouille buffalo capicola landjaeger shankle tongue. Pork chop tongue salami shankle frankfurter, capicola chislic. Hamburger strip steak doner rump ham hock short loin.

Kielbasa beef ribs tail alcatra buffalo shankle swine sausage strip steak chicken drumstick andouille spare ribs short ribs tongue. Ham jowl pork chop meatloaf, turducken chislic short ribs porchetta. Jerky chicken jowl shank kevin venison filet mignon landjaeger ham hock. Pork sausage jowl, shoulder tenderloin tail meatball ham hock shank chislic bresaola.

Commit message:

Nav and move back to gallery
- all social icons removed apart from Insta
- move all back to galleries

content/about/index.md, after:



This website has been setup to publish short films and photo galleries of epic bike adventures. Some like the Tuscany Trail, Badlands and the French Divide are organised bike-packing and ultra-endurance racing events, others like Berlin to Auschwitz and The Bunker Project are solo self-organised projects.

<!--more-->

### The Tuscany Trail (May 2022)
Pitched as the worlds biggest bike packing event with 3,000 riders each year, the [Tuscany Trail](https://www.tuscanytrail.it/en/) route changes each year but is generally around 600km and usually includes Sienna, Florence and a whole load of Strade Bianci.

### Girona Gravel (July 2022)

### Berlin to Auschwitz (Winter 2022)
After living in the States for twenty years you realise the extent of the history in Europe including the modern history in the 20th century. I vividly remember the black and white cinematography of [Schindlers List]() and reading about a cyclist exploring the camp, this ride seems like a great first film. I will be following roughly 550km along the rail route the Nazi's used to deport Jews from Berlin to the killing camps at Auschwitz. [Read More]()

### The Bunker Project (on-going)
In 2019 I supported a kickstarter book called [The Rough Stuff Fellowship Archive]() that took a set of photographs and notes from a British cycling club called the Rough Stuff Fellowship that was started in 1956. Cyclist Magazine has a [good short article](https://www.cyclist.co.uk/in-depth/7010/blast-from-the-past-the-rough-stuff-fellowship) about their history. The author behind the project [Max Leonard](https://maxleonard.com/) went on to self publish another book called Bunker Research in which he and a photographer called [Camille McMillan](https://www.instagram.com/camillejmcmillan/) explored the WW2 bunkers across the Alps, many in very remote locations. I always thought it would be a great project to film rides to the bunkers, eventually trying to get to them all. [Read More]()


### The Japanese Odyssey
I have been lucky to go to Tokyo a few times and love the Japanese culture. The [The Japanese Odyssey](https://www.japanese-odyssey.com/) is billed as a cycling adventure across Japan, deep into forests, small roads and generally off the beaten track. The route changes each year but is typically 2,000km to 2,500km with about 30,000m of climbing that must be completed passing 10 to 15 fixed checkpoints before a cut-off time that is usually around 10 days. [Read More]()

### French Divide
The [French Divide]() which changes a little each year is a 2,200km route with 35,000m of climbing. The route is 70% on gravel and farm tracks and 30% on roads going from Flanders in the North to the France Spain border in Basque country. It even passes though a small town close to where I lived near Toulouse. [Read More]()


### Badlands
